Wow
Is this ancient times?
And beautiful women
Wow no
Have to be steady
Humph trash
Who are you so incompetent?
Didn't your father teach you to be polite?
I am the son of Lang Zhangji in the Ministry of Household
So your father is dead
No wonder it's okay for you.
Sujing
This is the courthouse
Who dares to speak wildly here
Pulled out to fight the second division
The police just said
You already know the truth of the case
I mean it.
Naturally serious
The officer will give you a chance
You tell the truth
If it expires
That officer will chop off your head immediately
I dare not, but before Lord Zhou solves the case
Caomin has a few things I want to confirm with you. You said
According to the dossier
After my second uncle came to Zhang Mansion
Never left the Yoshima of the dead
After my uncle leaves
That's when the fire started
And accidentally burned Zhang Jiazi, who lived in the next yard
Yeah, it's good.
Then why is everyone so sure about this fire?
It must have been put by my second uncle
No, have you read the dossier?
The government believes that your second uncle is the murderer
It wasn't the fire that started when he left.
But someone saw him set the fire with their own eyes. Who?
Why can't you?
Only you see it.
Or did other people around you see it too?
Why am I alone?
Why does it matter?
Not important
It's incredibly important.
What did this Qin Feng hit?
Do you have any questions?
No, who is the murderer?